Awakening Life is an application that guides individuals into total realization of self and god. The application uses AI and real time conversation to guide users to deeper and deeper places of self realization.

The core principles of the guided sessions are intention, openness, communication, and surrender. The AI only continuously points the individual back to their real living self and guide them to come into direct experience with themselves.

There a many services a user can choose to be guided in. Some of these services include:

Contemplation: `Contemplation guides a user to work on a koan. The accepted koans for Contemplation are the following:
- Tell me who you are
- Tell me what you are
- Tell me what life is
- Tell me what another is
These koans (instructions) are given to the user from the AI. The user then intends to directly experience who or what they are or what life or another is. Then, they open to anything that might come up as result of that intention. Once the user has identified something, they then communicate it to the AI and continue their contemplation. Occasionally the AI will identify points in which it can help point the user to realize deeper truths such as pointing to the one who is actually aware of whatever it is that has come up in that individuals openness.`
Mind Clearing: `Mind Clearing is used to help an individual clear the mind by working through a series of questions, and instructions that helps the user directly experience whatever seems to be stuck in their mind. The user follows the AI's instructions and questions and begins to clear them from their psyche throughout the session. Leaving the user with a more clear mind as many things that have been stuck or hanging around in their mind have been removed through the guidance, direct experience, and communication.`
Deepest Vision: `Deepest Vision is a guided session where the AI helps the individual open up to their life's deepest visions and purpose. The AI helps individuals correctly open so that there is space in their being for their deepest visions to arise. During this session, many things may come up that are not directly related to their true deepest vision, and so the AI helps the user experience them, communicate them, and then move back into openness so that their deepest visions may come. Some visions that come may be seen as their deepest vision, but are actually necessary in order to get to their true deepest vision. Since an individuals deepest vision can be evolving overtime, a user is encouraged to keep returning to this session a couple times a month to keep their deepest vision clear and to keep it clearly known in their mind. During this session, the AI keeps track of what deepest visions are coming up and builds out a card/list of them for the user to receive via email or text as well as view in app later.`
Manifestation: `Manifestation is used to help guide users to a place of openness where they can clear anything that is keeping them from manifesting what it is they are trying to manifest. For example, if someone wanted to write an incredible song, the AI would help them clearly define their goal (so it is very clear in the user's mind), and then help them to clear anything in the mind that is blocking them from achieving that. This is done through a series of instructions and questions that the AI will guide or ask the user throughout the session that keeps encouraging communication and removing blocks in the mind that keep them from manifesting their desire. For example, for the song goal, some things that might come are things like "there is a fear that I never will" or "I am afraid I cannot be free enough while writing". The AI would help them feel these things they are afraid of feeling and to communicate how they feel about it, why they think is a problem, what happened in the past that makes the believe that etc...`
Gratitude and Goals: `Gratitude and Goals is a service designed to be used on a more daily interval. It helps the user easily open themselves in intention to become aware of things they are grateful for so that they can carry that gratitude into their day. Also, it helps them identify goals they would like to accomplish that day. During this session, the AI keeps track of what deepest visions are coming up and builds out a card/list of them for the user to receive via email or text as well as view in app later.`
Custom: `Custom allows for the user to define a custom goal for the session, however the AI still uses the core principles of intention, openness, and communication to guide them.`